We already know that 95% of all mutual funds
underperform the indexes, like the S&P 500.
Although I don't recommend buying mutual funds
because of the rip-off fees,
I have to dedicate a lesson to it, okay.
And by the way, Warren Buffet also says
to buy indexes instead of mutual funds,
and so although I'm not a fan of mutual funds,
I need to give you the full menu
of financial products in this course,
in order to be intellectually honest and objective, as well.
Now, when it comes to mutual funds,
just like how there were ETFs of all types of investments,
the same can be said for mutual funds.
Now there are mutual funds that are focused on small stocks,
mutual funds that are focused on big stocks,
mutual funds that are focused
on certain country markets, et cetera,
and if you want to look at examples,
then using the Yahoo Finance website.
Remember when we researched for ETFs in stock plans before,
let's do the same thing for mutual funds.
Okay, so type in the name of the mutual fund,
and pick the ticker, just like
what we did again with stocks,
and what you can do is if you want
you can add these mutual funds
to your investment portfolio management system as well.
I don't recommend doing it,
but if you already own mutual funds,
that's your call, I'm trying to be objective.
Okay, so for example, and I'm not picking
on this particular mutual fund company,
as it might be part of the 5%
that outperforms the 95% that underperform,
but if we pull up a ticker and search
for the mutual fund named Fidelity, all right,
which is a massive Boston-based mutual fund company.
If we search for the word Fidelity,
then we can select whatever fund you want,
mutual fund, that is, and add it
to your investment portfolio management system,
as part of your portfolio.
Or in the Watch List section below your portfolio,
in case you wanted to just watch an investment
before adding it to your portfolio.
Now, a load fund means a fund
that has more fees as it's sold
by a middle man, okay,
and not directly from wholesale,
not directly from the source, right,
kind of like when you go to a store,
you're paying a higher fee than if you went
right to the source to buy a product, okay.
So, if you buy it right from the mutual fund,
then you usually don't pay that fee,
which in this case, those are called
no-load funds, okay.
We can remember this as it's a load
of rip-off fees (laughs), so we buy wholesale
and not retail, as we don't like to pay
mark-up fees in this course.
Okay, great.
Mutual funds are not just for stocks.
There's also bond-based mutual funds, okay.
I only want you to buy index funds, meaning ETFs,
and we're done with stocks for now in this course,
and as always, just please let me know if you have
any questions about stocks as I've been investing
in stocks as a retail investor and professional investor
on Wall Street for most of my life,
and just as a Side Note lecture,
next step on Warren Buffet, there's a lecture I have
on his favorite investment types,
and then after you're done that next Side Notes,
what we're going to do is we're going to talk
about the fascinating world of bonds and interest rates,
and you know, we still have to discuss
a few more investment classes before even
talking about investment diversification,
meaning how you should consider investing
parts of your net worth, meaning what percent
in these types of investment versus these types,
and as always, if you have any questions,
please let me know.
Thank you.